me
Yes I will continue to answer comments today is a main product role
I want you to tell me about the black, but the breathing is painful
150 meters is the limit I am not good at swimming slowly
Hand can not be only in one of the twice profit is 4 times 2 times countries
But more will be said to strain too much in the future would be good or Chikki
It is that I do not understand even if I do not know the power
This Well it is but a little I do not know and do not look at the Toka the swim
That
Strangely
I do not think it is necessary to determine the number of breaths
So I think it would be better to make diz instead
For example, if it is the action of Emma-breathing
The form 121212
I can get a nose overnight
There Hmm
I think it would be better to make the rhythm in the form of
Gone is surprisingly this breathing trouble of Tteyuu that would unexpectedly become this breathing painful
I'm out breathing afterward , but I can't make a rhythm .
a In the smell while the rhythm of this body is not ready
I think that there are many things, so always make as much as possible and
Where Tteyuu 150m limit
First Nde I think that the adversely the nagana voice is a little distance to go to 25m relax
Why First, once in each of should we reach out
A little biz 6 I like a short distance rather than to challenge the long grade
It is 25m that I will make
Please try to gradually doing extended to gradually
How is it?
It is this big question
Well, that's why I still have something I don't understand
I think there are many things I can not do even if I can
Also everyone You and N Hayashi it is another long-awaited and this music is more and more comments taken
Is if you do not know even it's we create a system that will more and more acceptance of I mean
I will answer it soon that everyone will ring on that day, so you practice
I think that everyone will come up with a question for a minute, so I will wait by all means, so the contents of today
See you again and
From that part I say I Do I ah in this kind of wind to see the videos only have been linked by all means
I think
There was